_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Customize main website and disable most sections for now

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: PhD Student at Carnegie Mellon University

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>CIC 4th Floor</p>
    <p>Carnegie Mellon University</p>
    <p>Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania</p>

news: false # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a second-year PhD student at Carnegie Mellon University, where I have the privilege of being advised by Theo Benson. My broad research direction has been applications observability (e.g., distributed tracing) since undergrad when I met Theo. Currently, we are investigating potential avenues for further leveraging eBPF for observability (beyond the pioneering work that's already been done by Brendan Gregg and the folks at BCC). I gave a talk about the initial steps of this work at the [Linux Plumbers Conference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDNZY0HQOMw&t=7174s).

I have a MSc and BSc in Computer Science from UFRGS (Brazil). My full list of publications can be found on [DBLP](https://dblp.org/pid/245/3154.html).
